Copyright (c) 2022- Guillaume.Crevecoeur@UGent.be - Universiteit Gent - Ghent University.

All rights reserved.

The use of this SOFTWARE is strictly limited to (CONTRACT) RESEARCH
purposes. This software may be used for the rendering of services
against the payment of a fee in accordance with its technical
documentation (intended use). 

It is however strictly not allowed to use this software for inclusion
(in whole or in part) in any software application, package or suite
sold, rented, leased or provided to end users in any other way.

Redistribution or dissemination of the software either in source or
binary form is STRICTLY NOT PERMITTED; licensee shall direct any third
party request for additional copies of this software to the authors as
indicated in this readme.txt .

Any improvements or developments of the SOFTWARE, including but not
limited to error or bug fixes, code optimisations or new functionalities
(the "DEVELOPMENTS") shall be posted on the REPOSITORY. By posting any
DEVELOPMENTS on the REPOSITORY, the author of DEVELOPMENTS grants to the
copyright holder of this SOFTWARE an irrevocable, fully paid up
worldwide sublicensable licence to use and redistribute said
DEVELOPMENTS.

The names of the copyright holder, authors or of any contributors must
not be used to endorse or promote products or services derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. However, users will
refer to the actual use of this software in accordance with best
academic practices. 

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER, AUTHORS AND
CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
COPYRIGHT HOLDER, AUTHORS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT,
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN
ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Please direct any request for commercial licensing to Guillaume Crevecoeur (Guillaume.Crevecoeur@UGent.be)
